so this this Center that is what we call
the swadhishthana Center is a center
that gives you your future energy to
think of your future
your planning which gives you energy to
bring forth the manifestation of the
physical labor or physical exercise or
physical work this poor Center has to
work for one work to convert the fact
for the use of the brain now if one
Center which has to do many other things
starts doing only one work all other
things are neglected as a result of that
you develop problems because it has to
cater to your liver your pancreas to
your kidneys to your spleen and once it
goes into action for one channelized
work it gets programmed for it and then
it cannot take care of these things
that's how you develop a bad liver you
develop a diabetes kidney trouble
blood pressures also you develop a very
serious disease called blood cancer now
sahaja yoga can cure all these troubles
it's only physical but it can cure even
physical troubles because if this Center
is brought this normal behavior if it is
made to behave in a very normal way you
can easily cure all such diseases which
come out of your over an activity over
thinking over imaginative Ness it's a
very dangerous thing to always think
about the future for example now we are
here sitting down we should be
comfortably sitting down
talking to each other instead of that
yeah now we are thinking what am I going
to go do tomorrow or what am I going to
do when I go home how I'm going to cook
what am I going to eat or how I'm going
to take my train all these futuristic
behaviors lead you to a very funny
personality you become so futuristic
that you forget the past I met a
gentleman who forgot even his own name
he forgot the name of his father he
forgot the name of his mother and also
to the dismay of his wife her name and
she started crying she said now what to
do he's forgotten everything now he is
in a futuristic it in hell he just knows
the future then he was to be pushed back
again into the center then gradually he
started remembering then he told me that
he's chairman of one of the council's of
a big district place in India and he
said he was he said no I am I said
that's good that's better now you are in
that stage where you say I am so this is
what happens and this is what's going to
happen to our societies here which is
very futuristic so to cut it down one
can try anything you may try anything
for example you may show pictures of the
past and things like that but that is
not going to bring back the horse it's
running very fast the only thing that
can work it out is the awakening of the
Kundalini when the corn Kundalini
awakens itself
she makes the center enlightened and the
center itself resumed its normal shape
its normal behavior and its normal
condition apart from that it has got a
dynamic
power or manifestation that this one
this Center which looks after our
attention becomes enlightened and our
attention becomes enlightened and the
attention which is enlightened becomes
dynamic in the sense now sitting down
here you can pay attention to anyone
just pay attention you don't have to do
anything just pay attention to that
person and you can find out on your
fingertips what's the matter with a
person thousands of miles
he may be priceless said your hands will
speak that's the time has come these
hands which we which look so silly but
they are so intricate and so intricately
built that the nerve endings are so
microscope that we cannot understand how
much they can tell us how far taken when
the awakening takes place you start
feeling the vibrations around the
all-pervading power which you have never
felt before
through these fingertips these
fingertips which we neglect we misuse
them we use them for wrong things these
fingertips themselves get enlightened
and you start feeling them that's what I
said that you have to get your awareness
which is enlightened it's the awareness
which has to manifest and that's how you
start feeling them on your fingers it's
wrong here what's wrong there you can
see well it's the problem now all these
are related to your centers these are 5
6 & 7 7 on the left and 7 on the right
so this is about your emotional side and
this is about your life about your
physical and your rational or you can
say mental side so you can make out a
person how he by just knowing whether
you are getting heat from that person
whether you are getting burning from
that person whether they are getting
numb whether they are begging becoming
heavy
a rapport is established with the
all-pervading power which informs you
get the message